Psalm 65 to the chief musician a psalm
of David a song phrase is awaiting you
Oh God in Zion and to you the vow shall
be performed
o you who hear prayer to you all flesh
will come iniquities prevail against me
as for our transgressions you will
provide atonement for them blessed is
the man you choose and cause to approach
you that he may dwell in your courts we
shall be satisfied with the goodness of
your house of your holy temple by
awesome deeds in righteousness you will
answer us
o god of our salvation you who are the
confidence of all the ends of the earth
and of the far-off seas who established
the mountains by his strength being
clothed with power you who still the
noise of the Seas the noise of their
waves and the tumult of the peoples they
also who dwell in the farthest parts are
afraid of your signs
you make the outgoings of the morning
and evening rejoice you visit the earth
and water it you greatly enrich it the
river of God is full of water you
provide their grain for so you have
prepared it you water its ridges
abundantly you settle its furrows you
make it soft with showers you bless its
growth you crown the year with your
goodness and your paths drip with
abundance they drop on the pastures of
the wilderness and the little Hills
rejoice on every side
the pastures are clothed with flocks the
valleys also are covered with grain they
shout for joy they also sing
[Music]